# Team Retrospective - Iteration 3

## Project Aspect to Improve

One of the largest features of our application was discussed very early on to be a calendar, where users would be able to add events to certain days and have those events appear in a different part of the application. During iteration 1, we created the front-end and implemented the ability to add single events to days on the calendar. Implementing this aspect of the feature made the rest seem very realistic to include in our final release of the application. The final release vision was to have a life management app that would allow users to track events, create lists, and store information such as passwords all in one place. Our plan was to compile small applications that already existed throughout people's lives and bring them all in one place; the calendar was a crucial part in helping people stay organized. However, during iteration 2, we ran into issues with our persistent database and not being able to complete features that we had initially planned on integrating with the calendar. We misunderstood some database instructions and implemented a database that had a dependency on the Android platform. There were also issues with completing some features and user stories during this iteration, making it unfeasible to have any interaction between these parts of the application as we had planned. We have decided to remove these features and focus more on improving what we already have done from previous iterations. If we still have time after refactoring a lot of our projects code and fixing any bugs we had, we will look into working on further features if time permits. It was a difficult decision to come to as our whole group had high expectations for what we should have been able to accomplish for the final release, but we decided this would be the best course of action.

In this last iteration, we will focus on refactoring our code; fixing the dependency issue within our database, refactoring our code to remove any smells that might have carried over from previous iterations, and polishing up all other completed aspects for the final release.

For the database, we will have to go back and create a new HSQL database to replace our SQLite implementation. Members of the group have volunteered to take on this part of the iteration, as they have had experience with databases in the past.

For the calendar, we will work on solving any bugs that existed with adding events and integrating it with the database. Our vision of having interaction between different parts of the application will have to be discarded for time sake.

Polishing up the application for a final release will be our main priority this iteration, rather than trying to take on any large features or user stories. Testing suites will also be an area of the project we have to focus on, as we lacked proper testing in the previous iterations.
